A long time ago a certain tavern in Rudy was a place where weddings, parties and other joyful celebrations took place. 
These gatherings were often attended by the young folk of Rudy and its surrounding villages and towns. It certainly was a popular place.
One time three girls came to have some fun. Nobody remembers where exactly were they from. One of them caught and eye of a young butcher.
However, she rejected him because "he didn't look like a good man, especially with a knife sticking out of his shoe." 
When the girls once again rejected him and his companions, he threatened and insulted them. 
The girls, scared and frightened, left the tavern earlier than usual. On their way home they had to walk through the forest. 
The young men, whose advances they earlier turned down, decided to follow them. The girls tried to run away; however, the offenders managed to catch them.
They were brutally murdered and their bodies were left in the forest. As elderly people say, 
for a long time you could come across their graves deep in the forest. 

Today, 








t was a long time ago ... In the inn in Rudy there were parties, weddings and
other celebrations. These games were often attended by young people, even from
remote villages. One time three girls came to play. Nobody anymore
remembers whether they were from Bargłówka, or from Tworóg, or from some other village. One
one of the young butchers had chosen them. However, she did not respond to his
courtship, because "his eyes were bad, and a knife was sticking out of his shoe." When
the girls once again did not want to dance with him and his companions,
he was terribly fooling them and threatening them. Frightened girls earlier than usual
they left the inn and walked home on their own through the forest. However, offended young men
they followed them and started after them. In the process of their escape, the girls were caught up with and
brutally killed. As old people used to say, it took a long time at the crime scene
there were the graves of three girls ...

Today, the memory of the murdered girls is preserved only in the form of a name
forest wilderness.

Było to dawno, dawno temu... W karczmie w Rudach odbywały się zabawy, wesela i
inne uroczystości. Na zabawy te często przychodzili młodzi ludzie nawet z
odległych wsi. Pewnego razu na zabawę przyszły trzy dziewczyny. Już nikt nie
pamięta czy były one z Bargłówki, czy z Tworoga, czy z jakiejś innej wsi. Jedną
z nich upatrzył sobie pewien młody rzeźnik. Jednak ona nie odpowiadała na jego
zaloty, ponieważ "źle mu z oczu patrzyło, a z buta sterczał nóż". Kiedy
dziewczyny po raz kolejny nie chciały tańczyć z nim i z jego kompanami,
strasznie im naubliżał i wygrażał. Przestraszone dziewczyny wcześniej niż zwykle
opuściły karczmę i same poszły przez las do domu. Jednak urażeni młodzieńcy
śledzili je i ruszyli za nimi.W trakcie ucieczki dziewczyny zostały dogonione i
bestialsko zabite. Jak powiadali starzy ludzie, na miejscu zbrodni długo
znajdowały się groby trzech dziewczyn…

Dziś pamięć o zamordowancyh dziewczynach zachowała się jedynie w postaci nazwy
leśnego uroczyska.
