History

This is how the place was described in the supplement to the Oberschlesische Wanderer newspaper in 1931:

"In the deep recesses of the Ratibor Duchy forests, where during these times full of chaos and unrest 
a blissful and serene silence can still be found; on a small hill, on a glade where dense crowns of trees unravel their branches 
so that the gloom of the forest can be diffused by the light penetrating through; there are five simple buildings made of logs. 
The most splendid one of them all is covered with a wide gable roof, from which protrudes a turret with a bell inside of it. 
The building has a terrace that offers a view of the forest. The enormous and gnarled oaks surrounding it only add charm to this 
already idyllic place. A bit further at the foot of the hill, there is a soaring chapel in honor of Saint Hubert."

The Jagdhaus was probably built in the mid-nineteenth century, during the reign of Victor I, Duke of Ratibor. 
Here Victor found escape from his stressful service in the parliament, the hustle of a big city, the constant pursuit of wealth, 
and his lavish, but tedious life in Berlin. Together with his friends, he found a place where he could finally be at peace. 
The Duke and his companions would spend a few weeks a year in these modest, decorated without unnecessary splendor but still very comfortable interiors.
They weren't interested in the promenades of fashionable resorts. They favored the sounds of nature, especially those of deer ruts, 
over the charms of orchestral music.

The Duke's entourage and his servants were accommodated in neighbouring buildings. There was also a stable for the horses.
The Duchess would often pay a visit and bring along their children. The Jagdhaus was marked by the presence of many guests.
One of them was the German poet and linguist August Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben. He is the author of the words of the German national anthem. 
Jagdhaus has also been visited by the German Emperor Wilhelm II during a hunt in 1910. Back then Victor II Amadeus was the Duke of Ratibor. 
The word has it that Adolf Hitler stayed here for some time during World War II. However, it is not in any way a piece of verified information. 

The golden era of the Jagdhaus ended in the 1920s. It wasn't visited as often as it used to be. After World War II the buildings of the complex, 
essentially left without an owner, fell into disrepair, and after some time disappeared forever. Some time later a modest hunting lodge was built in its place.
However, it burned down in 1992. After the fire the foresters built an even more modest wooden cabin with a porch. Unfortunately, it also burned down. 
 
In 2017, the Ostoja Hunting Club decided to build a new shelter in this place. It's undoubtedly not as impressive as the buildings 
that stood there during the times of Duke's reign; however, the memory of the Jagdhaus will be preserved. 
On November 11, 2017, the new shelter was officially opened. Moreover, the club members also unveiled an obelisk dedicated 
to the memory of the hunters who left this world and went to the Happy Hunting Ground.
